What about me? Am I qualified to talk?
Yard oops
I said if you can't be safe
I forcibly sent you back to the Bai family
Tingyue, how could you do this to me?
Tingyue An Anke is all kind
It's the bitch next to you
Don't talk about money
I still want to see my wife's position and rip off the Lu family
Where does he think the Lu family is?
Tingyue, I'm doing this for your own good
He has admitted as follows
I'm with you for the money
Yeah, the courtyard.
Ah, it is the one who is sincere to our Lu family
The real person
You are enough, he is my wife of Lu Yueting
I have my own judgment about what kind of person he is
I let you down
If you are worried that he will take away the money of the Lu family
You can also choose to stay with your uncle
Divided from the Lu family
Yard, you wouldn't dare to do that.
Our family went too far with this little dividend
You also know your cousin's disappointing
If you really break up
How can we live
Xia Rongyan is the wife I solemnly married
I do not want
In the future, any Lu family member will embarrass him
YES YES YES
I know what to do.
There will be no Lujia people in the future
You can point at the sedan chair again.
It doesn't have to be that way.
Why?
What am I better than that bitch like smoke?